Flowetl init (#715)
Flowminder/FlowKit: flowetl/README.md

# FlowETL

> Tool for the automated ingestion of CDR data into FlowDB. Uses [Airflow](http://airflow.apache.org/) a library for constructing scheduled worksflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tool for the automated ingestion of CDR data into FlowDB. Uses [Airflow](http://airflow.apache.org/), a platform for constructing scheduled workflows.
```
